content/en/seachat/seachat-manual/01-seachat-intro.md, before:

---
title: "Intro to SeaChat"
description: "SeaChat User Guide"
date: 2022-11-22T08:48:57+00:00
lastmod: 2022-11-22T08:48:57+00:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  seachat:
    parent: "seachat-manual"
aliases:
   - /en/seachat/seachat-intro/01-introduction/
   - /seachat/seachat-intro/01-seachat-intro/
weight: 10
toc: true
---

Build and launch a GPT chat and voice agent in 10 minutes. Multilingual support. Live agent transfer. Integrate with webchat, SMS, Line, CRM, Shopify, calendars, Twilio, ZenDesk, and phone calls. You can upload your knowledge base (we support more than 30 document types including pdf, csv, doc, png, jpg etc) and customize an AI agent in under 10 minutes.

 Once the agent is made, you can connect it to both text and voice channels, including LINE, website, WhatsApp, and phone calls. You can purchase a phone number on SeaChat and connect it to your voice agent. It automatically responds to common customer queries and seamlessly transitions to human customer service representative when needed.

  <iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/?listType=playlist&list=PL8K7_LTqly44LeOocjDOpXH0svonxa0T0&index=1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="border-radius: 30px;"></iframe>

Commit message:

feat/added-seachat-tutorial-intro

content/en/seachat/seachat-manual/01-seachat-intro.md, after:

---
title: "Welcome to SeaChat"
description: "SeaChat User Guide"
date: 2022-11-22T08:48:57+00:00
lastmod: 2022-11-22T08:48:57+00:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  seachat:
    parent: "seachat-manual"
aliases:
   - /en/seachat/seachat-intro/01-introduction/
   - /seachat/seachat-intro/01-seachat-intro/
weight: 10
toc: true
---

Build and launch a GPT-powered chat and voice agent that elevates your workflow in under 10 minutes. SeaChat supports more than 30 document types, including PDF, CSV, DOC, PNG, and JPG, allowing you to upload almost unlimited knowledge to train your AI chatbot tailored to your needs with a seamless transition to human agent when needed.

Besides its capability in customer service, SeaChat can function as an internal FAQ hub to boost internal operations or as a marketing professional for product suggestions, and the list goes on.

With multilingual support and various software integrations, including web chat, SMS, Line, CRM, Shopify, calendars, Twilio, ZenDesk, and phone calls, SeaChat gives you the power to create an AI chatbot agent to a global reach of customers with diverse accessibility and it's code-free!

## Let’s SeaChat!

In this tutorial, we will walk you through every step you need to create your first SeaChat agent. From agent creation and adding knowledge to testing and fine-tuning, we will try to cover all technical aspects to help you kickstart. Feel free to contact our **[support team](#support)** if you have any further questions.


<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/?listType=playlist&list=PL8K7_LTqly44LeOocjDOpXH0svonxa0T0&index=1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="border-radius: 30px;"></iframe>


## Support
Need assistance? Contact us at [seachat@seaslt.ai](mailto:seachat@seaslt.ai).
