content/en/seachat/seachat-manual/03-add-knowledge/04-template-file-upload.md, before:

---
title: "Template Upload"
description: "Discover how to effortlessly customize your SeaChat agent's knowledge base using CSV and JSON template files. Follow step-by-step instructions to upload templates, review uploaded files, and optimize your AI agent's performance. Get started with SeaChat's intuitive template upload feature today!"
lead: ""
date: 2024-04-11 10:43:51.069 +0100
lastmod: 2024-04-11 10:43:51.069 +0100
weight: 33
draft: false
images: []
aliases:
  - /en/seachat/seachat-intro/03-add-knowledge/template-upload/
---

## Overview
SeaChat provides several methods to upload files to your agent. We will focus on the **Upload Spreadsheet** method in this tutorial and by the end of the tutorial your SeaChat agent will have a customized knowledge base at your service.


## Create a SeaChat Agent
If you don't have a SeaChat account yet, you can sign up for free at [SeaChat website](https://chat.seasalt.ai/)! You can find all the information you need to create a knowledge-based AI in [Create an Agent](/en/seachat/seachat-intro/02-how-to-create/).


## Open Knowledge Base
Find your agent's knowledge base by navigating to the **Knowledge Base** dashboard under **Agent Configuration** in the sidebar menu. Click on **Upload from Template File**. SeaChat provides template files that can you can directly input.

<br/>
<center>
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/knowledge-base.png" alt="Image of the Knowledge Base dashboard through the Agent Configuration in the sidebar menu to show how to upload a CSV or JSON file to an agent by selecting Upload from Template File.">

*Knowledge Base Dashboard*
</center>

## Template Files
SeaChat offers CSV and JSON template files that you can download and fill in with your data. Once you have filled in the template files, you can upload it to your agent by clicking on the drag-and-drop section.

###### Preview Example:
```CSV```

<div style="overflow-x: auto;">
<table>
<tr>
  <th>id</th>
  <th>title</th>
  <th>text</th>
  <th>references</th>
  <th>reminder</th>
  <th>capture</th>
  <th>live_agent_transfer</th>
  <th>sample_key</th>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>kb-1</td>
  <td>Sample KB Doc</td>
  <td>This is an example of a KB document.</td>
  <td>[{"title":"Seasalt.ai","url":"https://seasalt.ai"}]</td>
  <td>This is some reminder text!</td>
  <td>Email,Phone Number</td>
  <td>False</td>
  <td>sample value</td>
</tr>
</table>
</div>


```JSON```
```json
[{
  "id": "kb-1",
  "title": "Sample KB Doc",
  "text": "This is an example of a KB document.",
  "custom": {"sample_key": "sample value"},
  "actions": {
    "references": [
      {"title": "Seasalt.ai", "url": "https://seasalt.ai"},
      {"title": "SeaChat", "url": "https://chat.seasalt.ai/"}
    ],
    "reminder": "This is some reminder text!",
    "capture": ["Email", "Phone Number"],
    "live_agent_transfer": false
  }
}]
```

## Before Submission
You will see the status of each uploading file in the section below the drag-and-drop zone. Once you are sure with the uploaded files, you can upload them by clicking on the **Submit** button.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/before-submission.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/before-submission.png" alt="Interface of SeaChat showing the upload feature with a drag and drop zone and a section below for monitoring the status of each file being uploaded, reminding users to verify file format and content before submission.">
</a>

*Check the Uploaded Files*
</center>


## Submit to Existing Knowledge Base
Submit it and it's done. You have successfully customized your AI agent with new knowledge. To view the files uploaded, you can navigate to the **Existing** section in the top-right corner of the page, where you can find the uploaded data waiting for you in the "Files" section.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/existing-files.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/existing-files.png" alt="Visual guide highlighting the 'Existing' section in the screen top-right showcasing the uploaded files in the 'Files' section.">
</a>

*Look for Files in **Existing***
</center>

## Review your Knowledge Base
Click on the file you just uploaded to review the content. That's it! You have successfully uploaded a spreadsheet to your SeaChat agent. You can now use the knowledge base to test your agent. SeaChat provides additional settings to customize your knowledge base, we will continue to explore these features in the next part of the tutorial.

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between; align-items: center;">
  <div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; text-align: center;">
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/csv-uploaded.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/csv-uploaded.png" alt="Example of a successfully uploaded csv.">
</a>
    <em>CSV File</em>
  </div>

  <div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; text-align: center;">
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/json-uploaded.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/json-uploaded.png" alt="Example of a successfully uploaded json.">
</a>
    <em>JSON File</em>
  </div>
</div>



## Support
Need assistance? Contact us at [seachat@seasalt.ai](mailto:seachat@seasalt.ai).

Commit message:

fix/update seachat meta descriptions

content/en/seachat/seachat-manual/03-add-knowledge/04-template-file-upload.md, after:

---
title: "Template Upload"
description: "Enhance your SeaChat agent's capabilities with our easy-to-follow tutorial on uploading spreadsheets to customize your knowledge base[^1^][1]. Sign up for free and navigate to the Knowledge Base dashboard to upload your data using our provided templates. Successfully manage your AI agent's knowledge with SeaChat's user-friendly platform. Need help? Reach out at seachat@seaslt.ai."
lead: ""
date: 2024-04-11 10:43:51.069 +0100
lastmod: 2024-04-11 10:43:51.069 +0100
weight: 33
draft: false
images: []
aliases:
  - /en/seachat/seachat-intro/03-add-knowledge/template-upload/
---

## Overview
SeaChat provides several methods to upload files to your agent. We will focus on the **Upload Spreadsheet** method in this tutorial and by the end of the tutorial your SeaChat agent will have a customized knowledge base at your service.


## Create a SeaChat Agent
If you don't have a SeaChat account yet, you can sign up for free at [SeaChat website](https://chat.seasalt.ai/)! You can find all the information you need to create a knowledge-based AI in [Create an Agent](/en/seachat/seachat-intro/02-how-to-create/).


## Open Knowledge Base
Find your agent's knowledge base by navigating to the **Knowledge Base** dashboard under **Agent Configuration** in the sidebar menu. Click on **Upload from Template File**. SeaChat provides template files that can you can directly input.

<br/>
<center>
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/knowledge-base.png" alt="Image of the Knowledge Base dashboard through the Agent Configuration in the sidebar menu to show how to upload a CSV or JSON file to an agent by selecting Upload from Template File.">

*Knowledge Base Dashboard*
</center>

## Template Files
SeaChat offers CSV and JSON template files that you can download and fill in with your data. Once you have filled in the template files, you can upload it to your agent by clicking on the drag-and-drop section.

###### Preview Example:
```CSV```

<div style="overflow-x: auto;">
<table>
<tr>
  <th>id</th>
  <th>title</th>
  <th>text</th>
  <th>references</th>
  <th>reminder</th>
  <th>capture</th>
  <th>live_agent_transfer</th>
  <th>sample_key</th>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>kb-1</td>
  <td>Sample KB Doc</td>
  <td>This is an example of a KB document.</td>
  <td>[{"title":"Seasalt.ai","url":"https://seasalt.ai"}]</td>
  <td>This is some reminder text!</td>
  <td>Email,Phone Number</td>
  <td>False</td>
  <td>sample value</td>
</tr>
</table>
</div>


```JSON```
```json
[{
  "id": "kb-1",
  "title": "Sample KB Doc",
  "text": "This is an example of a KB document.",
  "custom": {"sample_key": "sample value"},
  "actions": {
    "references": [
      {"title": "Seasalt.ai", "url": "https://seasalt.ai"},
      {"title": "SeaChat", "url": "https://chat.seasalt.ai/"}
    ],
    "reminder": "This is some reminder text!",
    "capture": ["Email", "Phone Number"],
    "live_agent_transfer": false
  }
}]
```

## Before Submission
You will see the status of each uploading file in the section below the drag-and-drop zone. Once you are sure with the uploaded files, you can upload them by clicking on the **Submit** button.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/before-submission.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/before-submission.png" alt="Interface of SeaChat showing the upload feature with a drag and drop zone and a section below for monitoring the status of each file being uploaded, reminding users to verify file format and content before submission.">
</a>

*Check the Uploaded Files*
</center>


## Submit to Existing Knowledge Base
Submit it and it's done. You have successfully customized your AI agent with new knowledge. To view the files uploaded, you can navigate to the **Existing** section in the top-right corner of the page, where you can find the uploaded data waiting for you in the "Files" section.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/existing-files.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/existing-files.png" alt="Visual guide highlighting the 'Existing' section in the screen top-right showcasing the uploaded files in the 'Files' section.">
</a>

*Look for Files in **Existing***
</center>

## Review your Knowledge Base
Click on the file you just uploaded to review the content. That's it! You have successfully uploaded a spreadsheet to your SeaChat agent. You can now use the knowledge base to test your agent. SeaChat provides additional settings to customize your knowledge base, we will continue to explore these features in the next part of the tutorial.

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between; align-items: center;">
  <div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; text-align: center;">
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/csv-uploaded.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/csv-uploaded.png" alt="Example of a successfully uploaded csv.">
</a>
    <em>CSV File</em>
  </div>

  <div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; text-align: center;">
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/json-uploaded.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/template-upload/json-uploaded.png" alt="Example of a successfully uploaded json.">
</a>
    <em>JSON File</em>
  </div>
</div>



## Support
Need assistance? Contact us at [seachat@seasalt.ai](mailto:seachat@seasalt.ai).
