content/en/seachat/seachat-manual/03-add-knowledge/07-import-sitemap.md, before:

---
title: "Import Sitemaps"
description: "Learn how to effortlessly import URLs to your SeaChat agent's knowledge base using the Sitemap Import feature. Follow simple steps to extract URLs from XML sitemaps and empower your AI agent with comprehensive web content. Start maximizing your SeaChat agent's capabilities today!"
lead: ""
date: 2024-04-15 10:43:51.069 +0100
lastmod: 2024-04-15 10:43:51.069 +0100
weight: 36
draft: false
images: []
aliases:
  - /en/seachat/seachat-intro/03-add-knowledge/import-sitemap/
---

## Overview
SeaChat provides several methods to upload files to your agent. We will focus on the **Import Sitemaps** method in this tutorial. Let's use a sitemap example to show you how to import URLs to your agent.

## Create a SeaChat Agent
If you don't have a SeaChat account yet, you can sign up for free at [SeaChat website](https://chat.seasalt.ai/)! You can find all the information you need to create a knowledge-based AI agent in [Create an Agent](/en/seachat/seachat-intro/02-how-to-create/).

## Open Knowledge Base
Find your agent's knowledge base by navigating to the **Knowledge Base** dashboard under **Agent Configuration** in the sidebar menu. Choose **Import Sitemaps** and have the XML files ready to be uploaded to your agent.

<br/>
<center>
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/choose-import-sitemaps.png" alt="Image of the Knowledge Base dashboard through the Agent Configuration in the sidebar menu to show how to upload by importing urls.">

*Knowledge Base Dashboard*
</center>

## Enter the Sitemaps
By importing sitemaps, you can skip the process of adding URLs one by one. Your sitemap, usually XML files, will contain all the links in the website you wish to import. In the examples below, I simply put the keyword, **sitemap**, next to my page's url. As you can see, now we have the link to the sitemap of the page.

Copy and paste the URLs into the corresponding inputs. Once you are certain with the urls included, Click **Add** to confirm.

> :rotating_light: **Note** :rotating_light:
>
> Note that not all websites have sitemaps. One of the most common (and simple) ways to locate the XML sitemap of a website is to
manually check. you need to do is enter your website URL in the browser and then add `sitemap.xml` at the end of the URL, e.g. www.YourWebsiteUrl.com/sitemap.xml. If a sitemap (looks a like a XML file) shows up, then the website has a sitemap. There are more methods to locate your sitemap, please refer to [this article](https://seocrawl.com/en/how-to-find-a-sitemap/) to learn more.


<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledgeimport-sitemaps/enter-url.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/enter-url.png" alt="">
</a>

*Insert the URL of the sitemap*
</center>

## Before Submission
Once you have added the sitemap, SeaChat will automatically parse the XML file and extract the URLs. You can review the URLs before submitting them to your agent's knowledge base.


<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/before-submission.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/before-submission.png" alt="Interface of SeaChat showing the upload section below for monitoring the status of each file being uploaded, reminding users to verify file format and content before submission.">
</a>

*Check the Uploaded Files*
</center>

## Submit to Existing Knowledge Base
You will see a success message once the files are uploaded successfully. You have customized your AI agent with new knowledge. To view the files uploaded, you can navigate to the **Existing** section in the top-right corner of the page, where you can find the uploaded data waiting for you in the **Sitemaps** section.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/sitemap-in-existing.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/sitemap-in-existing.png" alt="Visual guide highlighting the 'Existing' section in the screen top-right showcasing the uploaded files in the 'Files' section.">
</a>

*Look for **Sitemaps** in  **Existing***
</center>

## Review your Knowledge Base
Click on the file you just uploaded to review the content. The texts on your websites are now in your knowledge base. That's all. You can now use the knowledge base to test your agent. SeaChat provides additional settings to customize your knowledge base, we will continue to explore these features in the next part of the tutorial.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-urls/review-upload.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-urls/review-upload.png" alt="Visual guide highlighting the 'Existing' section in the screen top-right showcasing the uploaded files in the 'Files' section.">
</a>

*Review the uploaded content*
</center>




## Support
Need assistance? Contact us at [seachat@seasalt.ai](mailto:seachat@seasalt.ai).

Commit message:

fix/update seachat meta descriptions

content/en/seachat/seachat-manual/03-add-knowledge/07-import-sitemap.md, after:

---
title: "Import Sitemaps"
description: "Enhance your SeaChat AI agent's knowledge base with ease by importing sitemaps. Our tutorial guides you through the process, from signing up for a free account to navigating the Knowledge Base dashboard. Discover how to quickly add website URLs using XML files and customize your agent with new knowledge. Need help? Contact seachat@seaslt.ai for assistance."
lead: ""
date: 2024-04-15 10:43:51.069 +0100
lastmod: 2024-04-15 10:43:51.069 +0100
weight: 36
draft: false
images: []
aliases:
  - /en/seachat/seachat-intro/03-add-knowledge/import-sitemap/
---

## Overview
SeaChat provides several methods to upload files to your agent. We will focus on the **Import Sitemaps** method in this tutorial. Let's use a sitemap example to show you how to import URLs to your agent.

## Create a SeaChat Agent
If you don't have a SeaChat account yet, you can sign up for free at [SeaChat website](https://chat.seasalt.ai/)! You can find all the information you need to create a knowledge-based AI agent in [Create an Agent](/en/seachat/seachat-intro/02-how-to-create/).

## Open Knowledge Base
Find your agent's knowledge base by navigating to the **Knowledge Base** dashboard under **Agent Configuration** in the sidebar menu. Choose **Import Sitemaps** and have the XML files ready to be uploaded to your agent.

<br/>
<center>
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/choose-import-sitemaps.png" alt="Image of the Knowledge Base dashboard through the Agent Configuration in the sidebar menu to show how to upload by importing urls.">

*Knowledge Base Dashboard*
</center>

## Enter the Sitemaps
By importing sitemaps, you can skip the process of adding URLs one by one. Your sitemap, usually XML files, will contain all the links in the website you wish to import. In the examples below, I simply put the keyword, **sitemap**, next to my page's url. As you can see, now we have the link to the sitemap of the page.

Copy and paste the URLs into the corresponding inputs. Once you are certain with the urls included, Click **Add** to confirm.

> :rotating_light: **Note** :rotating_light:
>
> Note that not all websites have sitemaps. One of the most common (and simple) ways to locate the XML sitemap of a website is to
manually check. you need to do is enter your website URL in the browser and then add `sitemap.xml` at the end of the URL, e.g. www.YourWebsiteUrl.com/sitemap.xml. If a sitemap (looks a like a XML file) shows up, then the website has a sitemap. There are more methods to locate your sitemap, please refer to [this article](https://seocrawl.com/en/how-to-find-a-sitemap/) to learn more.


<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledgeimport-sitemaps/enter-url.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/enter-url.png" alt="">
</a>

*Insert the URL of the sitemap*
</center>

## Before Submission
Once you have added the sitemap, SeaChat will automatically parse the XML file and extract the URLs. You can review the URLs before submitting them to your agent's knowledge base.


<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/before-submission.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/before-submission.png" alt="Interface of SeaChat showing the upload section below for monitoring the status of each file being uploaded, reminding users to verify file format and content before submission.">
</a>

*Check the Uploaded Files*
</center>

## Submit to Existing Knowledge Base
You will see a success message once the files are uploaded successfully. You have customized your AI agent with new knowledge. To view the files uploaded, you can navigate to the **Existing** section in the top-right corner of the page, where you can find the uploaded data waiting for you in the **Sitemaps** section.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/sitemap-in-existing.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-sitemaps/sitemap-in-existing.png" alt="Visual guide highlighting the 'Existing' section in the screen top-right showcasing the uploaded files in the 'Files' section.">
</a>

*Look for **Sitemaps** in  **Existing***
</center>

## Review your Knowledge Base
Click on the file you just uploaded to review the content. The texts on your websites are now in your knowledge base. That's all. You can now use the knowledge base to test your agent. SeaChat provides additional settings to customize your knowledge base, we will continue to explore these features in the next part of the tutorial.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-urls/review-upload.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/product-updates/seachat/en/tutorial-add-knowledge/import-urls/review-upload.png" alt="Visual guide highlighting the 'Existing' section in the screen top-right showcasing the uploaded files in the 'Files' section.">
</a>

*Review the uploaded content*
</center>




## Support
Need assistance? Contact us at [seachat@seasalt.ai](mailto:seachat@seasalt.ai).
