content/en/seax/seax-omni/seax-agent-bulk-send.md, before:

---
title: "SeaX Bulk Send/Call with SeaChat"
description: "Master bulk messaging with SeaX and SeaChat. Learn to set up AI agents, automate campaigns, and streamline communications."
date: 2024-07-22T08:48:57+00:00
lastmod: 2024-07-22T08:48:57+00:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  seax:
    parent: "seax-omni"
aliases:
   - /en/seax/seax-agent-bulk-send/
   - /seax/seax-agent-bulk-send/
   - /seax/seax-messaging/seax-agent-bulk-send/
url: /en/seax/seax-omni/seax-agent-bulk-send/
weight: 30
toc: true
---

## SeaX Bulk Send/Call with SeaChat

SeaX bulk messaging offers a powerful way to manage communications across multiple business channels from a single platform. With SeaX, you can not only send messages to different customers but also automate these conversations by integrating with SeaChat.

This guide will walk you through the process of sending bulk messages and calls using SeaX and SeaChat, helping you streamline your business communication.

## Set Up Workspace

To integrate SeaX with SeaChat, you'll need a phone number to send messages and an AI agent to handle the conversations. You can find phone numbers in the **Numbers** section under **Workspace** on SeaX and AI agents in the **Agents** section under **Workspace** on SeaChat.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/seax-number.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/seax-number.png" alt="SeaX | SeaX Number Setup">
</a>

*SeaX Numbers*
</center>

> 🚨 Attention 🚨
>
> Ensure you operate in the same workspace on both SeaChat and SeaX for proper integration. The AI agent and phone number must be within the same workspace.

## Create an AI Agent on SeaChat

First, deploy a functional AI agent on SeaChat and set up the SeaX integration. As SeaX is primarily a messaging platform, you will need to navigate to SeaChat to configure the AI agent.

For more information, see the [SeaX integration on SeaChat](https://wiki.seasalt.ai/seachat/integrations/seax-seachat/).

## Bulk Send with SeaX

Once the integration is set up, you can start sending bulk messages with SeaX. There are various features available with SeaX integration on SeaChat. Let’s first ensure SeaX is properly configured before starting.

### Recipients

In the initial step of sending a bulk message, select the recipients. With potentially thousands of contacts, use the labels feature in SeaX to simplify this process. Create labels for different contact groups and select these labels to choose the recipients. When adding new contacts, simply assign the appropriate labels.

All labels can be seen in the **Recipients** section under bulk messages, allowing you to select the label for bulk messaging.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/recipient-step.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/recipient-step.png" alt="SeaX | Recipient Setup">
</a>

*Labels of Recipients*
</center>

### Contacts

After selecting recipient labels, you'll be directed to the **Contacts** section. Here, you can view contact names, phone numbers, and their associated labels. Uncheck any contacts you do not wish to include in the message, and proceed to the **Compose** section.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/contact-step.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/contact-step.png" alt="SeaX | Contact">
</a>

*Manage Contacts*
</center>

### Compose a Campaign for Outbound SMS and Calls

A campaign is the unit for sending bulk messages. Configure the campaign’s name, associated contact labels, execution method, and timing here.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/compose-dashboard.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/compose-dashboard.png" alt="SeaX | Campaign Dashboard">
</a>

*Compose a Campaign*
</center>

#### Campaign Name and Labels

When creating a campaign, provide a name and select the labels it will be associated with. Note that the labels on the **Compose** page are intended to be added to the selected contacts after this campaign was initiated. If you wish to send messages to specific contacts, you need to select the labels in the **Recipients** section and do so in the **Contacts** section.

#### Outbound SMS and Calls

After setting the campaign name and labels, choose the execution method. Select **Chat/Voice Agent** to allow the AI agent to handle outbound messages.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/campaign-execution.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/campaign-execution.png" alt="SeaX | Executing SeaX Campaign">
</a>

*Campaign Execution*
</center>

> 🔖 NOTE
>
> Ensure the AI agent is set up on SeaChat to handle outbound/ inbound messages. Since SeaX is a messaging platform, configure the AI agent’s starting message, voice, and other settings on SeaChat.
>
> Click **Configure AI Agent** next to your selected agent on SeaX to configure the agent on the SeaChat platform.
>
> If your agents are not visible, it means the AI agent is not set up on SeaChat. Click on **Configure AI Agent** to set up the AI agent and remember to save your configuration.

#### Sending Time

Set up the sending time for scheduled campaigns. You can choose to send the campaign immediately or schedule it for a later time. For outbound calls, set a cut-off time to avoid disturbing customers late at night.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/schedule-setting.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/schedule-setting.png" alt="SeaX | Schedule Setup">
</a>

*Scheduled Setting*
</center>

> Additional Setting - Capture Recipients' Key Presses (Outbound Calls) and Click Tracking (Outbound SMS)
>
> SeaX tracks interactions between recipients and the AI agent. Enable **Capture Recipients' Key Presses** to record key presses during calls, useful for surveys.
>
> Enable **Click Tracking** to monitor clicks on SMS messages, such as tracking link clicks.

### Senders

Select the sender for the campaign and choose the phone number to send messages from.

To add a new phone number, click **Quote for a New Number**, and Seasalt will provide a quote.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/sender.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/sender.png" alt="SeaX | Sender Setup">
</a>

*Senders Setting*
</center>

### Review

Before sending the campaign, review the settings to ensure everything is configured correctly. Check the campaign name, SeaChat message setup for the AI agent, and the sender details.

#### Update Inbound Agent

For SMS and call campaigns, update the inbound agent to handle incoming messages. Choose the agent set up on SeaChat for this purpose.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/inbound-agent-update.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/inbound-agent-update.png" alt="SeaX | SeaX Number Setup">
</a>

*Inbound Agent Setting*
</center>

### Send Out the Campaign

Click **Send Now** to activate the campaign and start sending messages through SeaX. Monitor the progress of your campaigns in the **Campaigns** section in the sidebar.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/campaign-dashboard.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/campaign-dashboard.png" alt="SeaX | Send out Campaign">
</a>

*Campaign Dashboard*
</center>

## Conversation synchronized between SeaX and SeaChat

SeaX + SeaChat is a powerful combination for managing bulk messaging and calls. With SeaX, you can send messages to thousands of customers and automate conversations with the help of AI agents on SeaChat. The two conversations, one on SeaX and the other on SeaChat, are synchronized for a seamless experience. Yet, there are the following differences:

- All the outbound calls initiated by SeaX through SeaChat agents are listed in both the **Conversations** section on SeaChat and SeaX. However, if a call is received from on SeaChat, then it will not sync to SeaX.

- If the user replies to a SMS from SeaX, it will not be synced to SeaChat unless that same number in SeaX is a recipient of an active AI Agent Campaign.

Commit message:

added seachat video tutorials as a cross referecne

content/en/seax/seax-omni/seax-agent-bulk-send.md, after:

---
title: "SeaX Bulk Send/Call with SeaChat"
description: "Master bulk messaging with SeaX and SeaChat. Learn to set up AI agents, automate campaigns, and streamline communications."
date: 2024-07-22T08:48:57+00:00
lastmod: 2024-07-22T08:48:57+00:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  seax:
    parent: "seax-omni"
aliases:
   - /en/seax/seax-agent-bulk-send/
   - /seax/seax-agent-bulk-send/
   - /seax/seax-messaging/seax-agent-bulk-send/
url: /en/seax/seax-omni/seax-agent-bulk-send/
weight: 30
toc: true
---

## SeaX Bulk Send SMS/WhatsApp/Call with SeaChat

SeaX bulk messaging offers a powerful way to manage communications across multiple business channels from a single platform. With SeaX, you can not only send messages to different customers but also automate these conversations by integrating with SeaChat.

This guide will walk you through the process of sending bulk messages and calls using SeaX and SeaChat, helping you streamline your business communication.

## 🎥 Video Tutorial for Bulk Calling

A comprehensive video tutorial demonstrates step-by-step how to set up and use SeaX with phone calls, including both outbound campaigns and inbound call handling by AI agents.

  <iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/An4n8JhhdvA?list=PL8K7_LTqly44LeOocjDOpXH0svonxa0T0" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="border-radius: 30px;"></iframe>

See [cross reference with SeaChat]({{< ref "/content/en/seachat/seachat-manual/05-integrations/08-seax-integration-bulk-phone-calls.md" >}}) 

## 🎥 Video Tutorial for Bulk WhatsApp Messaging (Campaigns)

  <iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WUwn2QoeBGA?list=PL8K7_LTqly44LeOocjDOpXH0svonxa0T0" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="border-radius: 30px;"></iframe>

See [cross reference with SeaChat]({{< ref "/content/en/seachat/seachat-manual/05-integrations/09-seax-integration-whatsapp-in-seachat.md" >}}) 

## Set Up Workspace

To integrate SeaX with SeaChat, you'll need a phone number to send messages and an AI agent to handle the conversations. You can find phone numbers in the **Numbers** section under **Workspace** on SeaX and AI agents in the **Agents** section under **Workspace** on SeaChat.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/seax-number.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/seax-number.png" alt="SeaX | SeaX Number Setup">
</a>

*SeaX Numbers*
</center>

> 🚨 Attention 🚨
>
> Ensure you operate in the same workspace on both SeaChat and SeaX for proper integration. The AI agent and phone number must be within the same workspace.

## Create an AI Agent on SeaChat

First, deploy a functional AI agent on SeaChat and set up the SeaX integration. As SeaX is primarily a messaging platform, you will need to navigate to SeaChat to configure the AI agent.

For more information, see the [SeaX integration on SeaChat](https://wiki.seasalt.ai/seachat/integrations/seax-seachat/).

## Bulk Send with SeaX

Once the integration is set up, you can start sending bulk messages with SeaX. There are various features available with SeaX integration on SeaChat. Let’s first ensure SeaX is properly configured before starting.

### Recipients

In the initial step of sending a bulk message, select the recipients. With potentially thousands of contacts, use the labels feature in SeaX to simplify this process. Create labels for different contact groups and select these labels to choose the recipients. When adding new contacts, simply assign the appropriate labels.

All labels can be seen in the **Recipients** section under bulk messages, allowing you to select the label for bulk messaging.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/recipient-step.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/recipient-step.png" alt="SeaX | Recipient Setup">
</a>

*Labels of Recipients*
</center>

### Contacts

After selecting recipient labels, you'll be directed to the **Contacts** section. Here, you can view contact names, phone numbers, and their associated labels. Uncheck any contacts you do not wish to include in the message, and proceed to the **Compose** section.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/contact-step.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/contact-step.png" alt="SeaX | Contact">
</a>

*Manage Contacts*
</center>

### Compose a Campaign for Outbound SMS and Calls

A campaign is the unit for sending bulk messages. Configure the campaign’s name, associated contact labels, execution method, and timing here.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/compose-dashboard.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/compose-dashboard.png" alt="SeaX | Campaign Dashboard">
</a>

*Compose a Campaign*
</center>

#### Campaign Name and Labels

When creating a campaign, provide a name and select the labels it will be associated with. Note that the labels on the **Compose** page are intended to be added to the selected contacts after this campaign was initiated. If you wish to send messages to specific contacts, you need to select the labels in the **Recipients** section and do so in the **Contacts** section.

#### Outbound SMS and Calls

After setting the campaign name and labels, choose the execution method. Select **Chat/Voice Agent** to allow the AI agent to handle outbound messages.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/campaign-execution.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/campaign-execution.png" alt="SeaX | Executing SeaX Campaign">
</a>

*Campaign Execution*
</center>

> 🔖 NOTE
>
> Ensure the AI agent is set up on SeaChat to handle outbound/ inbound messages. Since SeaX is a messaging platform, configure the AI agent’s starting message, voice, and other settings on SeaChat.
>
> Click **Configure AI Agent** next to your selected agent on SeaX to configure the agent on the SeaChat platform.
>
> If your agents are not visible, it means the AI agent is not set up on SeaChat. Click on **Configure AI Agent** to set up the AI agent and remember to save your configuration.

#### Sending Time

Set up the sending time for scheduled campaigns. You can choose to send the campaign immediately or schedule it for a later time. For outbound calls, set a cut-off time to avoid disturbing customers late at night.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/schedule-setting.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/schedule-setting.png" alt="SeaX | Schedule Setup">
</a>

*Scheduled Setting*
</center>

> Additional Setting - Capture Recipients' Key Presses (Outbound Calls) and Click Tracking (Outbound SMS)
>
> SeaX tracks interactions between recipients and the AI agent. Enable **Capture Recipients' Key Presses** to record key presses during calls, useful for surveys.
>
> Enable **Click Tracking** to monitor clicks on SMS messages, such as tracking link clicks.

### Senders

Select the sender for the campaign and choose the phone number to send messages from.

To add a new phone number, click **Quote for a New Number**, and Seasalt will provide a quote.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/sender.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/sender.png" alt="SeaX | Sender Setup">
</a>

*Senders Setting*
</center>

### Review

Before sending the campaign, review the settings to ensure everything is configured correctly. Check the campaign name, SeaChat message setup for the AI agent, and the sender details.

#### Update Inbound Agent

For SMS and call campaigns, update the inbound agent to handle incoming messages. Choose the agent set up on SeaChat for this purpose.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/inbound-agent-update.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/inbound-agent-update.png" alt="SeaX | SeaX Number Setup">
</a>

*Inbound Agent Setting*
</center>

### Send Out the Campaign

Click **Send Now** to activate the campaign and start sending messages through SeaX. Monitor the progress of your campaigns in the **Campaigns** section in the sidebar.

<br/>
<center>
<a style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" href="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/campaign-dashboard.png" target="_blank">
<img width="80%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem" src="/images/seax/en/seax-agent-bulk-send/campaign-dashboard.png" alt="SeaX | Send out Campaign">
</a>

*Campaign Dashboard*
</center>

## Conversation synchronized between SeaX and SeaChat

SeaX + SeaChat is a powerful combination for managing bulk messaging and calls. With SeaX, you can send messages to thousands of customers and automate conversations with the help of AI agents on SeaChat. The two conversations, one on SeaX and the other on SeaChat, are synchronized for a seamless experience. Yet, there are the following differences:

- All the outbound calls initiated by SeaX through SeaChat agents are listed in both the **Conversations** section on SeaChat and SeaX. However, if a call is received from on SeaChat, then it will not sync to SeaX.

- If the user replies to a SMS from SeaX, it will not be synced to SeaChat unless that same number in SeaX is a recipient of an active AI Agent Campaign.
