content/en/seachat/seachat-manual/02-create-agent/03-advanced-settings/02-retrieval-augmented-generation-rag.md, before:

---
title: "Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)"
description: "Enhance SeaChat AI with Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG). Design query patterns to boost performance."
lead: ""
date: 2024-04-26T08:48:45+00:00
lastmod: 2024-05-26T08:48:45+00:00
weight: 105
draft: false
images: []
toc: true
aliases:
  - /en/seachat/seachaat-manual/02-create-agent/03-advanced-settings/02-retrieval-augmented-generation-rag
url: /en/seachat/manual/create-agent/advanced-settings/rag
---

## Overview

Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) is a pivotal feature within SeaChat, enhancing data retrieval and augmenting the accuracy of interactions with the AI agent. It provides you with the ability to change settings for Query Pattern, Search Method, and Knowledge Base Retrieval Count. By experimenting with these settings, you can customize how your AI agent interacts with the knowledge base efficiently.

---

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a id="seachat-rag-ui" href="/images/seachat/en/agent-advanced-settings/rag-dashboard.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seachat/en/agent-advanced-settings/rag-dashboard.png" alt="image of the Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) feature in SeaChat">
    </a>
</div>
    <p style="margin-top: 20px; font-size: 15px">RAG Settings in SeaChat</p></p>
</div>

## [Query Pattern](#seachat-rag-ui)

Whether you require comprehensive context, focused engagement, or quick, precise responses, SeaChat's flexible query patterns for querying the knowledge base ensure an optimized chat experience tailored to your preferences.

The following is an example conversation between a customer and a parking lot FAQ AI agent with information of more than hundreds of parking lots in the knowledge base:

---

👨 (Previous Query): Is there a parking lot near the Seattle Space Needle?

🤖️ (Bot Response): Yes, you can park at the ABC Parking Lot on 123rd Ave NE. It has 50 parking spots. The parking fee starts at $10 per hour, with a daily maximum of $60.

👨 (Current Query): I will be working near there. Can I rent a parking spot monthly?

---

### Previous Query &#8594; Bot Response &#8594; Current Query

Offers comprehensive context by incorporating the last three turns of the conversation. In this case, the complete conversation (Previous Query + Bot Response + Current Query) is used to query the knowledge base and to generate the AI agent's next response for Current Query.

### Previous Query &#8594; Current Query

Focuses more heavily on the user’s requests and is not influenced by the AI agent’s response. It includes the last two user inputs (Previous User Query and Current User Query) to query the knowledge base and to generate the AI agent's next response.

### Current Query

Provides a succinct approach, considering only the user's latest input, i.e. Current User Query, for the AI agent's next response. This is ideal for one-turn dialogues or cases where users frequently switch topics. However, it may miss important context when discussing the same topic over multiple turns.

## [Search Method](#seachat-rag-ui)

You can optimize knowledge base search by choosing from distinct knowledge base search methods:

### Keyword Search

Matches user’s provided keywords against the knowledge base to deliver relevant results. This works well when you have unique tokens such as product names, locations, IDs, etc. but may miss cases where the user doesn’t say the exact keyword (for example, they use a synonym or a different language than the KB document).

### Vector Search

Utilizes the capabilities of text embedding to enhance the retrieval of relevant information. Vector search can work well across languages and retrieve similar documents even if they don’t have matching keywords. However, it may struggle with rare tokens such as product names, locations, or IDs.

### Hybrid Search

Integrates both Keyword and Vector Search methods to optimize information retrieval.

## [Knowledge Base Retrieval Count](#seachat-rag-ui)

Changing Knowledge Base Retrieval Count allows you to specify the number of KB documents(chunks) to retrieve, ensuring efficient information retrieval. These retrieved documents will serve as important contexts for AI agent responses at each turn. The ideal count is flexible and depends on the token limits and document types.

### Considerations for setting the count

- **Too Few Documents/Chunks**

You may miss essential information, leading to incomplete or inaccurate responses from GPT.

- **Too Many Documents/Chunks**

Important information may get buried under irrelevant details, making it harder for GPT to provide accurate responses.

- **Context Limit**

There is a limit to the amount of context that can be provided with each request. If the retrieved documents exceed this limit, SeaChat will use as many documents as can fit within the limit.

By adjusting the KB retrieval count, you can optimize the balance between depth of information and resource usage, ensuring accurate and efficient responses.

## Knowledge Base Search Refinement

SeaChat now offers an advanced feature called Knowledge Base Search Refinement that allows you to further enhance the quality of retrieved information. This feature enables the AI to perform a secondary refinement on preliminary search results before generating responses.

### Configuring KB Search Refinement

You can enable this feature in the Agent Information's Advanced Settings page:

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a id="seachat-kb-refinement" href="/images/seachat/en/agent-advanced-settings/kb-refinement.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seachat/en/agent-advanced-settings/kb-refinement.png" alt="image of the Knowledge Base Search Refinement feature in SeaChat">
    </a>
</div>
    <p style="margin-top: 20px; font-size: 15px">KB Search Refinement Settings in SeaChat</p></p>
</div>

### Custom Refinement Instructions

For more precise control over how the LLM refines search results, you can provide custom instructions in the text field. These instructions guide the AI on:

- How to evaluate document relevance
- Which types of information to prioritize
- How to handle ambiguous queries
- Special considerations for your specific knowledge domain

#### Example Instructions

Here are some examples of effective refinement instructions:

- "Prioritize documents containing specific product codes when the user asks about product specifications."
- "For parking-related queries, focus on documents with location information that matches the user's mentioned area."
- "When handling technical support questions, prioritize the most recent documentation over older versions."
- "For multi-part questions, ensure that documents addressing all parts of the query are included."

### Benefits of KB Search Refinement

Enabling this feature can significantly improve your AI agent's performance by:

- Providing more accurate and relevant responses
- Reducing information overload in complex knowledge bases
- Handling ambiguous queries more effectively
- Improving the contextual understanding of user questions
- Delivering more concise and focused answers

By fine-tuning your KB Search Refinement settings, you can create a more intelligent and responsive AI agent that better understands and addresses your users' specific needs.

Commit message:

fix: add kb refinement instruction optional texts

content/en/seachat/seachat-manual/02-create-agent/03-advanced-settings/02-retrieval-augmented-generation-rag.md, after:

---
title: "Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)"
description: "Enhance SeaChat AI with Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG). Design query patterns to boost performance."
lead: ""
date: 2024-04-26T08:48:45+00:00
lastmod: 2024-05-26T08:48:45+00:00
weight: 105
draft: false
images: []
toc: true
aliases:
  - /en/seachat/seachaat-manual/02-create-agent/03-advanced-settings/02-retrieval-augmented-generation-rag
url: /en/seachat/manual/create-agent/advanced-settings/rag
---

## Overview

Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) is a pivotal feature within SeaChat, enhancing data retrieval and augmenting the accuracy of interactions with the AI agent. It provides you with the ability to change settings for Query Pattern, Search Method, and Knowledge Base Retrieval Count. By experimenting with these settings, you can customize how your AI agent interacts with the knowledge base efficiently.

---

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a id="seachat-rag-ui" href="/images/seachat/en/agent-advanced-settings/rag-dashboard.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seachat/en/agent-advanced-settings/rag-dashboard.png" alt="image of the Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) feature in SeaChat">
    </a>
</div>
    <p style="margin-top: 20px; font-size: 15px">RAG Settings in SeaChat</p></p>
</div>

## [Query Pattern](#seachat-rag-ui)

Whether you require comprehensive context, focused engagement, or quick, precise responses, SeaChat's flexible query patterns for querying the knowledge base ensure an optimized chat experience tailored to your preferences.

The following is an example conversation between a customer and a parking lot FAQ AI agent with information of more than hundreds of parking lots in the knowledge base:

---

👨 (Previous Query): Is there a parking lot near the Seattle Space Needle?

🤖️ (Bot Response): Yes, you can park at the ABC Parking Lot on 123rd Ave NE. It has 50 parking spots. The parking fee starts at $10 per hour, with a daily maximum of $60.

👨 (Current Query): I will be working near there. Can I rent a parking spot monthly?

---

### Previous Query &#8594; Bot Response &#8594; Current Query

Offers comprehensive context by incorporating the last three turns of the conversation. In this case, the complete conversation (Previous Query + Bot Response + Current Query) is used to query the knowledge base and to generate the AI agent's next response for Current Query.

### Previous Query &#8594; Current Query

Focuses more heavily on the user’s requests and is not influenced by the AI agent’s response. It includes the last two user inputs (Previous User Query and Current User Query) to query the knowledge base and to generate the AI agent's next response.

### Current Query

Provides a succinct approach, considering only the user's latest input, i.e. Current User Query, for the AI agent's next response. This is ideal for one-turn dialogues or cases where users frequently switch topics. However, it may miss important context when discussing the same topic over multiple turns.

## [Search Method](#seachat-rag-ui)

You can optimize knowledge base search by choosing from distinct knowledge base search methods:

### Keyword Search

Matches user’s provided keywords against the knowledge base to deliver relevant results. This works well when you have unique tokens such as product names, locations, IDs, etc. but may miss cases where the user doesn’t say the exact keyword (for example, they use a synonym or a different language than the KB document).

### Vector Search

Utilizes the capabilities of text embedding to enhance the retrieval of relevant information. Vector search can work well across languages and retrieve similar documents even if they don’t have matching keywords. However, it may struggle with rare tokens such as product names, locations, or IDs.

### Hybrid Search

Integrates both Keyword and Vector Search methods to optimize information retrieval.

## [Knowledge Base Retrieval Count](#seachat-rag-ui)

Changing Knowledge Base Retrieval Count allows you to specify the number of KB documents(chunks) to retrieve, ensuring efficient information retrieval. These retrieved documents will serve as important contexts for AI agent responses at each turn. The ideal count is flexible and depends on the token limits and document types.

### Considerations for setting the count

- **Too Few Documents/Chunks**

You may miss essential information, leading to incomplete or inaccurate responses from GPT.

- **Too Many Documents/Chunks**

Important information may get buried under irrelevant details, making it harder for GPT to provide accurate responses.

- **Context Limit**

There is a limit to the amount of context that can be provided with each request. If the retrieved documents exceed this limit, SeaChat will use as many documents as can fit within the limit.

By adjusting the KB retrieval count, you can optimize the balance between depth of information and resource usage, ensuring accurate and efficient responses.

## Knowledge Base Search Refinement

SeaChat now offers an advanced feature called Knowledge Base Search Refinement that allows you to further enhance the quality of retrieved information. This feature enables the AI to perform a secondary refinement on preliminary search results before generating responses.

### Configuring KB Search Refinement

You can enable this feature in the Agent Information's Advanced Settings page:

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a id="seachat-kb-refinement" href="/images/seachat/en/agent-advanced-settings/kb-refinement.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seachat/en/agent-advanced-settings/kb-refinement.png" alt="image of the Knowledge Base Search Refinement feature in SeaChat">
    </a>
</div>
    <p style="margin-top: 20px; font-size: 15px">KB Search Refinement Settings in SeaChat</p></p>
</div>

### Optional KB Refinement Instructions

Simply enabling this feature without any additional instructions is sufficient for most use cases. The system will automatically refine search results using default optimization strategies. Custom instructions are optional but can significantly enhance performance for specific scenarios.

For more precise control over how the LLM refines search results, you can provide custom instructions in the text field. These instructions guide the AI on:

- How to evaluate document relevance
- Which types of information to prioritize
- How to handle ambiguous queries
- Special considerations for your specific knowledge domain

#### Example Instructions

Here are some examples of effective refinement instructions:

- "Prioritize documents containing specific product codes when the user asks about product specifications."
- "For parking-related queries, focus on documents with location information that matches the user's mentioned area."
- "When handling technical support questions, prioritize the most recent documentation over older versions."
- "For multi-part questions, ensure that documents addressing all parts of the query are included."
- "When summarizing the conversation history, include the branch name if it can be inferred from the discussion, ensuring that it reflects the branch the user intended in the last query, even if not explicitly mentioned."
- "When identifying relevant articles, exclude those related to branches different from the one mentioned in the summary, provided the summary specifies a branch name."

### Benefits of KB Search Refinement

Enabling this feature can significantly improve your AI agent's performance by:

- Providing more accurate and relevant responses
- Reducing information overload in complex knowledge bases
- Handling ambiguous queries more effectively
- Improving the contextual understanding of user questions
- Delivering more concise and focused answers

By fine-tuning your KB Search Refinement settings, you can create a more intelligent and responsive AI agent that better understands and addresses your users' specific needs.
