# WhatsApp Business Platform on SeaX

SeaX users can connect their WhatsApp Business Platform to SeaX to integrate Meta Cloud API.

This feature allows users to access their Meta Business Manager account and manage customer channels directly from SeaX.

Power users that are operating on the Meta Business Manager can finall have a true experience of omnichannel communication that unifies all your customer interactions in one place.

## How to Connect WhatsApp Business Platform to SeaX

Go to "Channel" under "Workspace" and then click on the WhatsApp Business Platform tab.

Click on "Add Account" to connect your Meta Business Manager account to SeaX.

## Add Meta Business Manager Account

Follow the steps automatically generated by the system to connect your Meta Business Manager account to SeaX.

1. Login in to your facebook account.
2. Connect your account to Seasalt AI LLC.
3. Fill in business information: Make sure to fill in the business information correctly, and the Business Portfolio should have available numbers that you want to connect to. 
4. Create a WhatsApp Business Profile.
5. Add a phone number for WhatsApp: You can use the free WhatsApp number provided or add your own number. 
6. Verify your phone number

## Sync from WhatsApp

After adding your Meta Business Manager account, you can sync your WhatsApp numbers and accounts to SeaX. Click on "Sync from WhatsApp", and SeaX will automatically sync your WhatsApp numbers and accounts. 

Now you can manage all your customer interaction on SeaX with the accessibility to features of Meta Business API directly from SeaX. 

## Further Integration with SeaChat and SeaX

Now SeaX users can handle their business logic exclusively on Meta Business Manager and communicate with customers on SeaX with the further integrability of SeaChat for automation.


