content/en/seax/seax_messaging/whatsapp-business-platform.md, before:

---
title: "WhatsApp Business Platform"
description: "SeaX users can connect their WhatsApp Business Platform to SeaX to integrate WhatsApp Cloud API."
date: 2024-12-21T08:48:57+00:00
lastmod: 2024-12-21T08:48:57+00:00
draft: false
images: []
weight: 103
toc: true
---

SeaX users can connect their WhatsApp Business Platform to SeaX to integrate Meta Cloud API.

This feature allows users to access their Meta Business Manager account and manage customer channels directly from SeaX.

Power users that are operating on the Meta Business Manager can finall have a true experience of omnichannel communication that unifies all your customer interactions in one place.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/wa-business-platform-ui.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/wa-business-platform-ui.png" alt="WhatsApp Business Platform UI">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

## How to Connect WhatsApp Business Platform to SeaX

Go to **Channel** under **Workspace** and then click on the WhatsApp Business Platform tab.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/choose-icon.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/choose-icon.png" alt="Choose WhatsApp Business Platform Icon">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

Click on **Add Account** to connect your Meta Business Manager account to SeaX.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/add-account-btn.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/add-account-btn.png" alt="Add Account Button">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

## Add Meta Business Manager Account

Follow the steps automatically generated by the system to connect your Meta Business Manager account to SeaX.

1. Login in to your facebook account.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-1.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-1.png" alt="Meta WhatsApp Cloud API | Step 1">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

2. Connect your account to Seasalt AI LLC.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-2.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-2.png" alt="Meta WhatsApp Cloud API | Step 2">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

3. Fill in business information: Make sure to fill in the business information correctly, and the Business Portfolio should have available numbers that you want to connect to. 

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-3.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-3.png" alt="Meta WhatsApp Cloud API | Step 3">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

4. Create a WhatsApp Business Profile.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-4.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-4.png" alt="Meta WhatsApp Cloud API | Step 4">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

5. Add a phone number for WhatsApp: You can use the free WhatsApp number provided or add your own number. 
<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/add-business-number.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/add-business-number.png" alt="Add WhatsApp Business Number">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

6. Verify your phone number
<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/verify-numbers.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/verify-numbers.png" alt="Verify Business Number">
    </a>
</div>
</div>


## Sync from WhatsApp

After adding your Meta Business Manager account, you can sync your WhatsApp numbers and accounts to SeaX. Click on "Sync from WhatsApp", and SeaX will automatically sync your WhatsApp numbers and accounts. 

Now you can manage all your customer interaction on SeaX with the accessibility to features of Meta Business API directly from SeaX. 

## Further Integration with SeaChat and SeaX

Now SeaX users can handle their business logic exclusively on Meta Business Manager and communicate with customers on SeaX with the further integrability of SeaChat for automation.

Commit message:

fix: added meta messaging limits

content/en/seax/seax_messaging/whatsapp-business-platform.md, after:

---
title: "WhatsApp Business Platform"
description: "SeaX users can connect their WhatsApp Business Platform to SeaX to integrate WhatsApp Cloud API."
date: 2024-12-21T08:48:57+00:00
lastmod: 2024-12-21T08:48:57+00:00
draft: false
images: []
weight: 103
toc: true
---

SeaX users can connect their WhatsApp Business Platform to SeaX to integrate Meta Cloud API.

This feature allows users to access their Meta Business Manager account and manage customer channels directly from SeaX.

Power users that are operating on the Meta Business Manager can finall have a true experience of omnichannel communication that unifies all your customer interactions in one place.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/wa-business-platform-ui.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/wa-business-platform-ui.png" alt="WhatsApp Business Platform UI">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

## How to Connect WhatsApp Business Platform to SeaX

Go to **Channel** under **Workspace** and then click on the WhatsApp Business Platform tab.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/choose-icon.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/choose-icon.png" alt="Choose WhatsApp Business Platform Icon">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

Click on **Add Account** to connect your Meta Business Manager account to SeaX.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/add-account-btn.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/add-account-btn.png" alt="Add Account Button">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

## Add Meta Business Manager Account

Follow the steps automatically generated by the system to connect your Meta Business Manager account to SeaX.

1. Login in to your facebook account.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-1.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-1.png" alt="Meta WhatsApp Cloud API | Step 1">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

2. Connect your account to Seasalt AI LLC.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-2.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-2.png" alt="Meta WhatsApp Cloud API | Step 2">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

3. Fill in business information: Make sure to fill in the business information correctly, and the Business Portfolio should have available numbers that you want to connect to. 

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-3.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-3.png" alt="Meta WhatsApp Cloud API | Step 3">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

4. Create a WhatsApp Business Profile.

<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-4.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/meta-step-4.png" alt="Meta WhatsApp Cloud API | Step 4">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

5. Add a phone number for WhatsApp: You can use the free WhatsApp number provided or add your own number. 
<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/add-business-number.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/add-business-number.png" alt="Add WhatsApp Business Number">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

6. Verify your phone number
<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; justify-item: center">
    <a href="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/verify-numbers.png" target="_blank">
    <img width="100%" style="border-radius: 0.4rem; cursor: zoom-in;" src="/images/seax/en/whatsapp-business-platform/verify-numbers.png" alt="Verify Business Number">
    </a>
</div>
</div>

## Key Messaging Rules

1. **Customer-Initiated Conversations**  
   Customers can initiate conversations with businesses. Businesses can respond to these messages freely within a 24-hour messaging window.

2. **Business-Initiated Conversations**  
   Businesses cannot send new messages to customers unless using pre-approved **template messages**.

3. **Template Messages**  
   Template messages allow businesses to initiate conversations with customers. Sending a template message opens a 24-hour conversation window during which additional free-form messages can be sent.

4. **Payment Method Requirement**  
   Sending template messages requires a valid payment method. Without this, businesses cannot send template messages.

## Learn More About WhatsApp Business Platform

For readers who wish to dive deeper into the WhatsApp Business Platform, its API features, or messaging policies, Meta provides comprehensive guidance and resources. Visit the [Meta for Business Help Center](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/2640149499569241) to explore:

- Best practices for messaging customers using the WhatsApp Business Platform.
- Detailed information on messaging policies, including conversation windows and template messages.
- Steps for increasing daily messaging limits and verifying your business.
- Troubleshooting common issues and understanding quality ratings.

This resource is valuable for businesses and solution providers aiming to make the most of their integration with WhatsApp Business Platform while maintaining compliance with Meta's policies.



## Sync from WhatsApp

After adding your Meta Business Manager account, you can sync your WhatsApp numbers and accounts to SeaX. Click on "Sync from WhatsApp", and SeaX will automatically sync your WhatsApp numbers and accounts. 

Now you can manage all your customer interaction on SeaX with the accessibility to features of Meta Business API directly from SeaX. 

## Further Integration with SeaChat and SeaX

Now SeaX users can handle their business logic exclusively on Meta Business Manager and communicate with customers on SeaX with the further integrability of SeaChat for automation.
